Unified service tagging for AWS Lambda (#9374)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/dotnet.md

1. [Install the Datadog Forwarder if you haven't][2].
2. [Subscribe the Datadog Forwarder to your function's log groups][5].

> ### Unified Service Tagging

Reviewer: Do we need a section heading here? If it's just one section, we can leave this as a note or bold it

Author: It's only a subsection under the Configuration section, but I can go either way.

> Although it's optional, we highly recommend tagging you serverless applications with the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags following the [unified service tagging documentation][6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although it's optional, Datadog highly recommends tagging you serverless applications with the `env`, `service`, and `version` tags following the [unified service tagging documentation][6].
```
